Fixes (for map, etc.):
-move Jam2 path point away from drive core cradle; builder can't create the guntower there, and it's stalling DLL.
-



FC03_00a.wav: Voicemail #1 (General Thanatos):
"Slasher Corber, our intel sources have just intercepted some disturbing news: the Cerberi have heard about the Neohydrium and are laying a trap to capture the shipment. As you know, incredibly powerful weapons can be created from even a small amount of neohydrium. By mounting such warheads atop their invisible phased-array torpedoes, the Cerberi could destroy our entire allied fleet with a single salvo...[pause] I expect you to do everything in your power to prevent that shipment from falling into Cerberi hands. Good hunting, Slasher Corber."

LOFC03.wav:  Corber:
"Taking out that Cerberi factory boosted our morale, but it didn't last for long. The Cerberi are parrying our attacks with uncanny accuracy, as though they've read our battle plans and studied our strategic objectives. General Thanatos is convinced that they must have a pipeline into our command structure, and I'm afraid he's right. Even the men suspect a traitor in our midst: accusations are flying and tempers have flared as the men openly accuse each other of being Imperial sympathizers. So far, one rebel has been killed and another wounded in traditional Hadean 'kralakos' duels--stylized combat fought with long and deadly biometal knives. We've GOT to find the traitor soon, before the Cerberi destroy us--or we destroy ourselves with mistrust, and suspicion...and kralakos knives." 

fc03_01.wav:  Scion Squadron Leader: 
"That was close! We were attacked on our way to the Portal--it was like the Cerberi knew we were coming! There may be more on the way."

fc03_01a.wav:  Admiral LeBlanc:
"Colonel Corber, each of these haulers contains three neohydrium rods. Our ship cannot reach the speed necessary to penetrate wormholes without all six catalysers. The fifty-thousand men, women and children aboard the Ark are relying on you to bring this shipment through safely. Good luck."

fc03_02.wav:  Admiral LeBlanc:
"The Cerberi have mounted a surprise attack on the shipyard. Escort the haulers back to the portal, immediately!"

fc03_02b.wav:  Admiral LeBlanc [depressed but resolute]:
"The Cerberi just captured our Matriarch, but they sustained heavy losses during the battle. We may have a chance to regain the Matriarch and propulsor drive before the Cerberi can deploy reinforcements."

fc03_02c.wav:  General Thanatos:
"Slasher Corber, we have sent a Builder through the portal to establish a direct link with the Ark II. The Scions will risk sending a few units through the Portal, but a large movement could be traced back to the Ark 2. Choose your reinforcements carefully."

fc03_03.wav: Admiral LeBlanc:
"We've secured the other side of the Portal. I'm ordering the haulers back through until we have control of the shipyard. Incidentally, we have discovered a small weapons cache to the west of your position; you may find some of the supplies to be helpful."

fc03_03b.wav: Admiral LeBlanc:
"Two masked turrets were not destroyed during the Cerberi takeover. Once you approach within 400 meters of their position, they will activate and create a diversion for your main attack."

fc03_04.wav: Admiral LeBlanc:
"Excellent work, Colonel Corber. The surviving Scions will start building a more solid line of defenses, but we expect a massive Cerberi counterattack at any moment. You must protect the key units from the assault."

fc03_05.wav: Admiral LeBlanc:
"Well done, everyone. Colonel Corber, I have ordered the haulers through the portal once again. Ensure that they reach their objectives safely."
