Change all VO's from "Lieutenant" to "Major"!!

EDF14__00a.wav: Voicemail - STEWART (tired but grimly determined):
	"Bob Stewart here, Joseph. I just came through the WorldPortal from Tranquility this morning, and I want to tell you that I am tremendously impressed with your unit and your men. The VENGEANCE Task Force is an awesome fighting unit, and you should be proud of all that you guys have accomplished together...
	"All that being said, your unit *does* have some weaknesses--especially in the tactical department, and that's where I come in. Don't get me wrong; you've accomplished an awful lot against incredible odds. But you've come up very fast, and your lack of training and experience with large-scale tactics has led to some close calls that a more seasoned officer might have been able to avoid.
	"Don't worry, though--I have no desire to take over; you're still in command, here. My role is more like a flag officer of a fleet; I'll be giving you the big picture and the general goals, but I won't be issuing direct orders. It'll be up to you and your men to execute those objectives however you choose. Together, we'll carry the fight to the Hadeans--and we'll make them pay dearly for what they've done. I won't rest until I see those devils butchered and burning, just like they did to my men."

EDF14__00b.wav: Voicemail:
EISENSTEIN (sounding worried and a little confused): "Major Corber? I thought you'd want to hear this--we picked it up on the Cerberi narrow-cast wavelength this morning:"

	[Insert a clear-sounding tape of Cerberi voice effect--the same weird creepy multi-voiced sound that you hear in the background when Schultz is captured in EDF07 (I did that on my PC--if you want a new sample of it, Chip, just let me know). Combine that with Schultz's voice, but I've put reversed each individual word in his message; that way, even if somebody is creative enough to try to play the WAV file backward outside the game, it'll still sound a little creepy because it'll be Schultz saying all the *word* clearly, but the order of the message will be backwards.  I'm trying to make this point toward Schultz for the clever player who might be able to recognize Schultz's "cerberized" voice.  Of course, Chip, whatever effect you decide on, you'll need to apply it to the REAL Schultz VO--that's why I'm including the words.  Can't remember who's playing Schultz, but whoever it is should simply record these lines in a flat monotone so you can fiddle with it as you wish.  At any rate, here's Schultz's line, "un-Cerberized":

"This is Agent one-four-seven-zero-two, reporting successful penetration of the enemy force.  I have gained their trust, and they are displaying no suspicion whatsoever."

EISENSTEIN (continuing): "The funny thing is, this signal seemed to originate from VERY close by--perhaps even within our perimeter. What's even stranger is that we haven't seen any Cerberi vehicles in this sector yet. Plenty of Hadeans, but no Cerberi--unless they're using some kind of new masking technology. It's also possible that some of our captured Cerberi equipment is self-activating, and that's the source of the transmission. We're trying to decode the signal, but no luck so far. I'll let you know if we find any answers."

LOEdf14.wav: - CORBER:
	"When Colonel Stewart rolled into camp this morning, the men all cheered themselves hoarse. Everyone's heard about the Colonel's burns and wounds, how he dragged himself halfway across the wilderness of Spartacus until he reached our crashed dropships and found a working radio. His arrival here raised everyone's spirits, giving us back the confidence we lost when we first saw the endless machinery of war here on Facility's surface.
	"All the same, I'm worried about him.  Colonel Stewart is a walking skeleton, emaciated and limping with pain, covered with burn scars and barely-healed wounds from his battle for the INDEPENDENCE. But his emotional scars are far worse. Bob was just about the only survivor of the MegaGun attack, and he saw most of his men incinerated before his helpless eyes. Whenever anyone mentions the Hadeans--even talking about our new allies--you can see the anger and hatred, the bloodlust burning in his eyes. Colonel Stewart has changed, and I can't help wondering if he's fighting to defend Earth . . . or to avenge the ghosts of the INDEPENDENCE squadron."

edf14z01.wav: - STEWART:
"Let's get started, Joseph. The Hadean Creator is on its way to several key nav points to build its jammers. Your job is going to be tricky--you've got to protect the Creator, AND you've got to make sure nobody reports its presence here. Our sensors have detected several pairs of Hadean scouts along the route. They won't be able to use their radios, but they may retreat to their base to report in person. If even one scout makes it through, the mission will have to be scrubbed and our cover will be blown. It's a good thing you're a crack shot with the sniper rifle, because I think you're going to need it!"

edf14z02.wav: - STEWART:
"The Hadean Creator has self-destructed as ordered. Things are looking good so far. There's a scrap pool at the nav beacon; you'll probably want to secure that and start setting up your base."

edf14z03.wav: - STEWART:
"As you know, the VENGEANCE has been programmed to manufacture counterfeit Cerberi spider tanks and Sirens. We've targeted a key defensive installation near the Hadean base; use those Cerberi vehicles to attack the Defender gun towers, and then Captain Eisenstein will lift the jamming just long enough for a distress signal to be sent. After that, the jamming will resume and you can obliterate the regional power facility and the Hadean base. Be as vicious as you want, and don't bother with prisoners--the Hadeans will blame everything on the Cerberi."

edf14z04.wav: - STEWART:
"Well done--the Hadeans have reported a Cerberi attack and jamming has resumed. Search and destroy any Hadean facilities you encounter, then find and destroy the geothermal power source to weaken this region's defenses."

EDF14z04a.wav: - STEWART:
"Perhaps I didn't make myself clear enough, Joseph.  The plan is to attack the guntowers with spider tanks or Sirens, to fool the Hadeans into believing the Cerberi have turned on them. Stop using EDF units against the guntowers, or this mission will be blown."

EDF14z04b.wav: - STEWART:
"Mr. Corber, your instructions were clear and explicit. The whole point of this deception was to attack the gun towers with CERBERI units!  You've blown our cover here on Facility, and utterly failed to damage the Hadean-Cerberi alliance."

edf14z05.wav: - STEWART:
"Well done, Joseph.  The loss of that power station will severely cripple the Hadean defenses. It's time to make ourselves scarce, so the Cerberi are blamed for this carnage. Get ready to move out with the VENGEANCE."

edf14z05a.wav: - STEWART:
"There's another scout--don't let him get away!"

edf14z05b.wav: - STEWART:
"Stop that scout before he reaches the Hadean base!"

edf14z06.wav: - STEWART:
"Corber, I can't believe you lost that Creator. Your fighting edge is gone; being in command has obviously made you soft."

edf14z07.wav: - HARDIN:
"The VENGEANCE has been destroyed, and Colonel Stewart is dead. You've failed in your primary responsibility, Mr. Corber."

edf14z08.wav: - SCHULTZ:
"Hey, Joe--the docs have finally given me back my wings; I've got full piloting privileges. Stewart even gave me this spider-tank clone...she's a real beauty! I'd swear it was the real thing--kinda gives me the creeps just looking at it, but I don't mind.  I'll be watching your back today, just like old times. Let's kick some Hadean butt!"

edf14z09.wav: - SCHULTZ:
"Got your heart set on this fine little spider tank, huh? Well, she's all yours--take good care of her. I'm heading back to the VENGEANCE, but I'll buy you a brew after you get back."

edf14z10.wav: - STEWART:
"There's the geothermal control station--that's your target!"
