NOTE:  Add intermittent quakes to the BZS file!!

Characters:
--Corber
--Wyndt-Essex
--Hadean Fifth Column Leader (Crown Prince Thanatos)
--Lieutenant O'Hara/O'Reilly/Eisenstein (engineer)
--Logistics person/driver of Recycler--Sergeant (Adrian "GhostFire") Wong


Voice Mail 1 (Wyndt-Essex)
(edf08_00a.wav):
"[sarcastically] Congratulations on your promotion, 'Major' Corber. Enjoy it while you can, because it's NOT going to last. I've forwarded the details of your insubordination and cowardice to my father--as Chairman of the Earth Defense Commission, SENATOR Wyndt-Essex will be MOST displeased. General Hardin won't be able to protect you any more.  But don't feel too bad--I hear the food is quite good at the Vladivostok Military Penitentiary...as long as you don't mind a little snow."

Voice Mail 2 (Prince Thanatos)
(edf08_00b.wav):
[Tinny broadcast quality with static and reverb/echo effects plus cheers, to sound like live coverage of a political rally/speech]
"...[static]...carry word to the twelve corners of the Hadean Empire, warning of the Emperor's...[static]...SciWizards have created an ABOMINATION that can only end in defeat and the extinction of our entire civilization...[static]...calling on all loyal Hadeans to rise up, throw off the yoke of tyranny and oppression...[static]...[cheers]...hereby RENOUNCE all ties of blood to my father and all right to the Hadean throne, to make room for a new system of...[static]...must do all we can to assist HUMANS and SCIONS and, yes, even our once-hated foes, the Olympians...[static]...Only together can we counter this abomination...[static]...threat to our very existence...[static, fade-out]"


Loadscreen VO (Corber)
(LOedf08.wav):
"None of us would have imagined that this planet could actually get WORSE, but it's really happening. Ever since we destroyed the Proteus complex, Cerberi control of the planet has weakened, and Miasma seems bent on revenge: we've been shook by several quakes in the past couple of days, and they're getting worse. At least the Cerberi are too preoccupied to fight; they're busy trying to restore the dams and force-field generators that keep Miasma under their control. I'm not sure if they'll succeed, but it really doesn't matter since we'll be leaving soon.  General Hardin has officially met with Crown Prince Thanatos on one of Spartacus's moons, and the leader of the Hadean rebels will be sending help. Thanatos has promised to bring the StormPetrel here through the StarPortal system, to an interplanetary portal orbiting above Miasma. [pause]  Our long ordeal is almost over, and I'm proud of what these men and women have accomplished. Our soldiers can put up with just about anything this planet can throw at them, as long as they hold on to one simple thing: hope."

edf08_01.wav (Logistics person, Corber)
SGT. WONG: "Major Corber, our sensors show the Hadean StarPortal in geosynchronous orbit directly overhead--that's the spot where the StormPetrel will appear. In order to keep her safe, we'll need to clear all Cerberi missile turrets within a 100-kilometer radius of this point."
CORBER:  "Okay, Sergeant Wong, you can deploy the Recycler right around here, and we'll get to work."
SGT. WONG: "Yes, sir."
CORBER:  "And keep an eye out for Cerberi--our scouts have reported a moderate-sized base to the southeast.

edf08_02.wav (Wyndt-Essex, Corber):
WYNDT-ESSEX: "Attack Squadron Delta, this is Major Wyndt-Essex. Form up on me, and we'll take out that missile turret that gave our scouts so much trouble last night--assuming that meets with your approval, Mister Corber?"
CORBER (cheerfully ignoring her nasty tone): "That sounds like an excellent plan, Major. Go ahead and scout the area while you're at it, and give us a call if you need assistance."
WYNDT-ESSEX: "I'm quite sure we won't be needing any of your help...'SIR'(sarcastically)."

edf08_03.wav (Wyndt-Essex):
WYNDT-ESSEX (bored, casual): "This must be the turret, but it doesn't look any different from all the others. I can't understand why those scouts had so much trouble last night. Open fire!"

edf08_04.wav (Wyndt-Essex, Corber, Frightened rookie--maybe use same character who gave Drone Carrier report in EDF07):
ROOKIE (Zolinski):  "Something's wrong! This thing's got awesome firepower, and our guns aren't even SCRATCHING it!"
WYNDT-ESSEX (less bored now, but still imperious): "Just keep firing, Zelinski--its shield is wearing down. And don't you DARE cut and run, or I'll shoot you myself!"
CORBER:  "Major, you'd better withdraw before your whole squadron is wiped out.  We can regroup and take it out later. . .Major Wyndt-Essex, please acknowledge. . .Major. . .MAJOR!??"

edf08_05.wav (Wong,O'Hara or Eisenstein, plus Corber)
SGT. WONG(shaken):  "Major Corber, we've lost contact with the entire squadron!  My instruments registered a huge power surge during the battle; I think that Cerberi base is powering the turret system in this area. We won't be able to take out the missile turrets unless we destroy the base."
CORBER: (big sigh of resignation and sadness at loss of Windex's squadron)  "Okay--we're going to have our work cut out for us, but we've been through worse and survived."
SGT. WONG:  "Sir, I'm afraid there's more bad news.  That turret just launched a homing missile into the sky directly overhead--"
CORBER:  "Oh, no--the StormPetrel?"
SGT. WONG:  "She hadn't arrived yet--but the orbiting StarPortal is gone, sir.  Completely obliterated; our radar is showing nothing overhead but dust and debris."

edf08_06.wav (Technician, Corber)
SGT. WONG: "Major Corber, one of our scouts just spotted a Cerberi unit coming through a portal at the center of their base. 
CORBER:  "Another portal?  What's the origin?"
SGT. WONG: "Uncertain, sir. But the energy pattern is consistent with another StarPortal--those Cerberi may be coming from off-planet."
CORBER:  "Then I'm going to try to sneak in and get a reading--if the StormPetrel can't come to us, maybe we can get to her."

edf08_06b.wav (Wong, Corber)
SGT. WONG:  "I have a clear reading now, sir--that is definitely an interplanetary portal."
CORBER: "Good.  If these earthquakes get much worse, we just may have to use it to get out of here!"

edf08_07.wav (Technician)
SGT. WONG:  "Sir, I'm showing a big wave of heavy Cerberi reinforcements coming through their star-portal.  The computer has identified them as Demons, Dreadnaughts, and Dominator heavy assault tanks!"
 
edf08_08.wav (Corber, Technician)
CORBER: "Looks like that's the last of them--for now.  Good job, everyone!"
SGT. WONG: "Major Corber, those quakes seem to be getting worse..."
CORBER: "I know.  It looks like we'll be using that star-portal after all. Get the VENGEANCE fully serviced and ready to roll."