#############
Date:  CLASSIFIED
From:  Lt. Col. Robert Stewart, Adjutant to General Hardin (COMSPACEFLT)
To:    Major Joseph Corbin (Addressee's legal identity verified via DNA MoniSpec)
Via:   CommChain CLASSIFIED 
RE:    Court-Martial
Verification code:  54536-9571.rh12


This communication represents official notice of a court-martial to be held immediately upon your return to the StormPetrel (EDF-77). The charges and specifications for this procedure include but are not limited to:

1) Dereliction of duty for your failure to follow a direct order.

2) Cowardice in the face of the enemy, as demonstrated by your failure to protect the Creator lent to us by General Thanatos and the Hadean Rebels.

3) Gross misconduct, as demonstrated by your return to the planet Tranquility, abandoning your mission to Facility.


If found guilty, the recommended sentences include but are not limited to:

1) Immediate separation from the EDF, without pay, benefits, or other rights and privileges commensurate with rank (Dishonorable Discharge),

     AND

2) Five life sentences of hard labor at the George W. Bush Penitentiary Mine, on Mercury.


Your request that Major Schultz serve as a character witness has been denied.  A Judge Advocate General will be assigned to your case immediately upon your return to the StormPetrel.

Effective immediately, you are confined to quarters.

Lt. Col. Robert Stewart (RetinalSigned)

---------------------------------------------

PERSONAL ADDENDUM FROM COL. STEWART:
     Mr. Corber, please tell your JAG to stop trying to force Major Schultz's appearance at your hearing. Mr. Schultz volunteered to command a second attempt at the Facility mission; the force entered the WorldPortal three days ago despite our grave concerns about their safety. You ruined our cover and shattered our alliance with the rebel Hadeans, but the importance of the mission was still deemed to outweigh the incredible risks.
     We have not heard from the group since their departure.  Mr. Schultz and his entire party--including the VENGEANCE Recycler--are now all missing and presumed lost. There is every likelihood that our entire task force will be destroyed long before your court-martial and sentence are carried out.

--------END TRANSMISSION-----------------------