SchultzEDF09.wav (VoiceMail message #1):
SCHULTZ (shaky voice; static-ridden transmission): "Corber? It's me--Schultz.  I'm alive--and FREE!...for the minute, anyway. Those Cerberi scum took me through a StarPortal, to some kind of water-world. I broke out during a shuttle transit to the Hadean base--managed to steal my tank, and shoot my way out...
	"You gotta come find me, Corber--before they catch me again. You wouldn't believe what these--these THINGS--did to me. But they're not going to take me alive again. Never again...
	"You gotta help me, Joe. . . .please?"


EisenEDF09.wav (VoiceMail message #2):
EISENSTEIN (wary): "Major Corber, that signal seems to have originated from the rough direction of Tranquility--the same planet the StarPortal is tuned into. Sounds like there's more enemy activity on that planet than our scouts realized."


Loadscreen VO (Corber)
(LOedf09.wav):
	"Looks like we might've hit the Cerberi a little TOO hard. They've lost control of the planet, and Miasma is going berserk. Bone-crushing earthquakes and exploding volcanos, molten lava falling from the sky...even the PLANTS are out for blood, and I sure don't want to be around once those biometal rivers flood their banks.  It's like something out of the Book of Revelations: the end of the world--at least the end of THIS world, anyway...
	"We've got to get the VENGEANCE out of here and over to the StarPortal, FAST.  I just hope we can get her undeployed and moving before the whole base is melted to slag."


EDF09a.wav (Sgt. Wong--our logistics guy and Recycler driver):
SGT. WONG: "The VENGEANCE is taking heavy damage, sir, but she's ready to undeploy whenever you are.  Just give the word and we'll be on our way."


EDF09b.wav (Corber, Sgt. Wong):
CORBER: "You can take direct control of the VENGEANCE, Sergeant Wong.  Head for the StarPortal and I'll ride shotgun."
SGT. WONG: "Yes, sir. Incidentally, our scanners just picked up a large incoming hostile--probably a drone carrier."


edf09t.wav (Corber, Sgt. Wong):
SGT. WONG: "Major Corber, we seem to have broken a tread."
CORBER (anxiously): "Can you fix it?  Do you have a spare?"
SGT. WONG: "We machined a spare just before undeploying, sir. This old gal never takes too kindly to undeploying once she's settled in."
CORBER (with sigh of relief): "Good job, Sergeant. Get it fixed as quick as you can."
SGT. WONG: "Will do, sir."


edf09t2.wav (Sgt. Wong, Corber):
SGT. WONG:  "VENGEANCE is ready to go, sir. I just hope her OTHER tread holds out."
CORBER: "Just take it slow and easy, Wong. We'll cover you all the way."


edf09c.wav (Sgt. Wong, Corber):
SGT. WONG:  "The StarPortal just delivered a Hadean Procreator, sir. Looks like they're trying to re-establish that base."
CORBER: "We're FINISHED if they do. I'm going to take out that Procreator before it makes any progress."