FC01_00a.wav: Voicemail #1 (General Thanatos)--
THANATOS: "Our top SciWizards have discovered that the renegade Cerberi are being guided by HyperWave signals originating from the ruined planet of Core. Using captured waferware from damaged Cerberi units, they have generated a crude translator. Your personal SciWizard will play one of the translated recordings for you..."



FC01_00b.wav: Voicemail #2 (SciWizard Kranios)--
KRANIOS (wheedling and utterly subserviant): "I beg your forgiveness for the poor quality of this recording, Talon Corber, but our translator modules are improving quickly. This message was intercepted early this morning, just after we exited the wormhole."

FC01_00c.wav: Voicemail #3 (Cerberi AI: the effect should be like the multiple-voice background heard during Schultz's capture in EDF07, with the AI voice in the foreground--very low in tone, with heavy chorus effect and metallic reverb. I'll try recording a sample, but you guys can probably do it better.)--
CERBERI AI (flat monotone): "...have monitored a new UnMetal force leaving the wormhole...[static]...four hundred and twelve nanoseconds ago, bearing Hadean markings but...[static]...affiliation is uncertain. Potential threat to MotherGod assessed as a factor of two-four decimal eight...[static]...maintain close observation, and ter...[loud static, then end]..."

LOFC01.wav:  Corber:
"When I agreed to join General Thanatos, I had no idea what I was getting myself into. The Hadeans are alien and inscrutable: as ferocious and bloodthirsty as wolves, yet with a culture more complex and refined than the ancient Chinese, Egyptians, and Greeks combined. Dropping toward the surface of Core, I looked around the dropship at the tense figures crouched in their antigrav belts, and I pictured the metal creatures we were about to face. And I realized that, despite their strange ways, the Hadean rebels are my blood-brothers compared to the mindless Cerberi machines."



fc01_01.wav:  General Thanatos:
"Welcome, Talon Corber. Our scouts have surveyed the Cerberi base where the Procreator is being held. Your friends in the EDF were to send us a regiment to support our mission, but they have yet to arrive. We cannot wait any longer for them--follow me as I gather our forces."

fc01_02.wav:  General Thanatos (speaking to another Hadean):
"As you can see, most of us are all piloting Xypos scouts. The vehicle is fast and maneuverable, and you'll find that your shell gun is quite effective against Cerberi shielding. Its only weakness is its light armor, so keep one eye fixed on your damage meter."



fc01_03.wav:  Claw/Third Myxos, General Thanatos:
MYXOS: "Slasher/Prime Thanatos, we have discovered why our allies failed to make the rendezvous. The wreckage of their ship is nearby. Its survivors wish to speak to us."


THANATOS: "Perhaps they can still help us. Show me the crash, but beware of Imperial traps."


MYXOS: "Yes, sir. I have transmitted the coordinates to your display."

fc01_04.wav:  Corber, Sergeant Steinman:
CORBER: "These SpaceHawks are heavily shielded, General. The Cerberi must have some powerful weapons if they shot this down."
STEINMAN (shaky but relieved): "Colonel Corber? Thank God!"

fc01_05.wav:  Pvt. Steinman, Corber:
STEINMAN: "I'm Sergeant Rolf Steinman, sir. And you're right--the Cerberi have a few heavy beam weapons that we didn't know about. Our SpaceHawk took one in the engines and we came down hard."
CORBER (sympathetic): "Sounds pretty bad...How many of you survived?"
STEINMAN (gravely): "Just a couple of dozen, out of two hundred soldiers. But we're still ready to fight! I'll tell my officer--Lieutenant Miller will be glad to help you any way he can."
 
fc01_05b.wav:  Another Hadean Warrior:
"Slasher/Prime Thanatos, the remaining EDF survivors are waiting just east of us."


fc01_06.wav:  Lt. Miller:
MILLER: "General Thanatos, it's an honor to meet you."


THANATOS: "Please accept my condolences for your lost men. If there is anything we can do, perhaps medical attention--"


MILLER (abruptly): "The only thing we want is a chance for some revenge, sir! Our regiment was wiped out by these monsters, and the rest of us are ready for some payback."
MYXOS (low voice): "Perhaps they could help us with that Cerberi drone carrier to the west, Slasher/Prime?"


THANATOS (skeptical): "A dozen men on foot--against a *drone carrier*? It would be suicidal."


MILLER: "Just lure it to us, sir. We'll take it out for you...or die trying."


THANATOS (reflective): "Perhaps our peoples are more similar than I had realized, Talon Corber."

fc01_07.wav:  General Thanatos:
"We will now enter the Cerberi base and retrieve the Procreator. Bear in mind that we are posing as ALLIES--no weapons are to fire until I give the word."

fc01_08.wav:  General Thanatos:
"The authorization code is working...the stasis locks have retracted and we have control of the Procreator. We must move quickly, now, before the Cerberi fathom our true purpose."

fc01_09.wav:  Cerberi Voice, Thanatos:
CERBERI VOICE: "Return the Procreator immediately, and prepare to be liquidated. All metal forces: exterminate the infestations at once!"
THANATOS: "Fire at will! Protect the Procreator at all costs!"


fc01_10.wav:  Lt. Miller:
"Colonel Corber--we've laid a trap for that drone carrier. Lead it to our position, sir, and we'll take it out!"

fc01_11.wav:  General Thanatos, Corber:
THANATOS: "Excellent work, Talon Corber. The Cerberi will doubtless return in even greater force. I will endeavor to build a base and fixed defenses while you patrol the area and observe our progress."
CORBER: "Yes, sir."

fc01_11b.wav:  SciWizard Kranios, General Thanatos, Corber:
KRANIOS: "Slasher/Prime Thanatos, we have intercepted an urgent message from the Cerberi base. It appears that the Crucible guards a Research Node critical to the Cerberi weapons development program."
THANATOS: "Excellent news. We must destroy the gun towers surrounding their base and capture the Crucible."
CORBER: "You'll need something heavier than these scouts to take on those gun towers, sir."
THANATOS: "Exactly. Our assault tanks require a great deal of scrap, so you must concentrate on defending our harvesters and resourcers."

fc01_12.wav:  General Thanatos:
"Talon Corber, our SciWizards have detected a strange energy signature nearby. Investigate the area near those coordinates."


fc01_12A.wav:  SciWizard Kranios, General Thanatos:
KRANIOS: "Your scout's sensors have just detected a teleportation, sir. That spherical object appears to be functioning as a Portal."
THANATOS: "Most interesting...Talon Corber, return to defending the base while our SciWizards analyze this new development."

fc01_13.wav:  General Thanatos:
"Corber, you have failed to investigate the energy source. You insult me with your disobedience. I was mistaken to trust you or your sword. A toothless hatchling has more fighting spirit! Return to your soft-skinned people and tell General Hardin to send a REAL warrior in your place."

fc01_14.wav:  General Thanatos:
"The assault tanks are moving to attack the gun towers, but they are slow and ponderous. Protect them from the more agile Cerberi defenders!"

fc01_15.wav:  General Thanatos:
"Talon Corber, the Cerberi have created one of their energy portals near our base. Prepare for major incoming assault waves!"

fc01_16.wav:  General Thanatos:
"You failed to defend the base, Talon Corber. Our Procreator is lost, along with all hope of discovering the Cerberi plans."

fc01_17.wav:  General Thanatos:
"Another Cerberi gun tower has fallen. Continue the assault!"

fc01_18.wav:  General Thanatos:
"The last gun tower has been destroyed, and the Cerberi base has fallen to your ferocious attack. Secure the Crucible so that our SciWizards can explore the Cerberi plans!"