EDFLastVMA.wav: Voicemail #1 (GENERAL HARDIN):
	"Sorry I couldn't see you off personally, Joe--I've been stuck in virtual meetings with half the politicians on Earth. The Secretary-General and all the rest of them seem far more concerned with covering up their mistakes than with helping us defend Earth from the Emperor's invasion force.
	At any rate, I just wanted to wish you luck, and let you know I've chosen our best dropship driver for your insertion. If anyone can get you past the StarDestroyer orbiting Earth, Captain McAlister can. Good luck, Joe--and Godspeed."

EDFLastVMB.wav: Voicemail #2 (CAPTAIN MCALISTER (Dropship commander):
	"This is Bob McAlister--I'm going to be your pilot for this little jaunt. In case you've forgotten, I piloted that first mission on Spartacus--the only dropship that made it through. I've analyzed the Hadean ground defenses in the area, and I've come up with a way to sneak us in. We're going to fake a flame-out and crash-landing, but I'll try to keep the PEACEMAKER from taking any serious damage--General Hardin has made me painfully aware that she's our only Recycler within a 50-million mile radius. Even with our fake flame-out, we'll probably still take some REAL hits on our way down--so you'd better strap on your seat belt and crash helmet before we hit the atmosphere..."


LOEdflast.wav:- Corber:

	"By slingshotting around Jupiter, we reached Earth just six hours after the missing Imperial StarDestroyer. We parked the INTREPID on the far side of the moon and monitored Earth's SkyEye system for intel about the enemy's plans. So far, the Imperials have sent only a small landing force, inserting at a remote region of northern Siberia. True to McAlister's word, we crash-landed just a few dozen miles from the main Imperial base. SkyEye is already reporting substantial excavation nearby, confirming our worst suspicions. The Emperor has apparently discovered the mythical Tartarus IV facility, a storehouse of ancient Cthonian technology. If the Imperials can bring those weapons into battle, it could tip the balance in the stalemated space-battle near Core. We've got to disrupt the Imperial excavation project, or risk losing the space-battle, the war with the Hadeans, and Earth itself."

edflast_01.wav:- Captain Rubikov (Liaison officer for Earth's SkyEye system):
"Welcome to back to Earth, Colonel Corber--and [wryly] congratulations on surviving your crash.  I'm Captain Rubikov, and I'll be your liaison here on SkyEye, giving you reports on Hadean activities along with General Hardin's recommendations relayed from the INTREPID. First of all, you've landed in a remote part of Siberia known as the Tunguska region. No towns or villages are nearby, so you needn't worry about civilian casualties. The Hadean base lies a few dozen kilometers southeast of your position, but the brass is recommending extreme caution. Several high-flying Russian spycraft have disappeared without a trace before they ever spotted the base. The Hadeans apparently have more firepower than you'd expect from such a small landing force. Also, because of our commitment to the space-battle near Core, the PEACEMAKER is the only fully-functional Recycler on the planet. You won't be getting any reinforcements in the conceivable future, sir."

edflast_1a.wav:- Corber:
"Well done, everyone. It looks like the Imperials were expecting us. Squad 2, how about taking a look around--let's see what the invaders are up to."

edflast_02.wav:- Scout A:
"Colonel Corber, this is scout patrol Alpha. I've got a visual on a Hadean contact--I think you should see this, sir!"

edflast_03.wav:-
SCOUT 'A': The Hadeans just found a scrap pool under that boulder, sir!
CAPTAIN Rubikov: That's no coincidence, Colonel. Our scanners here on SkyEye are showing large deposits of scrap running throughout the Tunguska region. Many of those boulders appear to be oxidized biometal, probably solidified over several millenia.
CORBER: Then we'll do the same thing as the Hadeans--blow these rocks apart and try to get lucky.

edflast_04.wav:- 
SCOUT 'B': This is scout patrol beta, sir. I've just reached their base. The Hadeans are moving their excavation equipment back here. 
CAPTAIN Rubikov (hopefully): Maybe they're just giving up and heading for another site.
SCOUT 'B': I don't think so, sir. A pair of tugs have just left with what look like portable generators. They're heading back out to the excavation with them.

edflast_05.wav:
CAPTAIN Rubikov: Bad news, Colonel Corber. SkyEye has just picked up a series of massive electromagnetic pulses deep beneath the surface, spreading outward across distances of a mile or more from the excavation site. It's the kind of activity you see when a city's power is restored after a blackout.
GENERAL HARDIN (impatient and grim): Corber, this is Hardin. Finish putting your defenses up and get ready for a major storm! Looks like the Emperor just found Tartarus IV.

edflast_06.wav:
CAPTAIN Rubikov: We're reading micro-tremors at a point just west of the excavation site. We're planting a nav beacon at the epicenter.
GENERAL HARDIN: Corber, get to that nav beacon as soon as your base is secure. I want your input on exactly what's going on there!
CAPTAIN Rubikov: The tremors are growing fast, sir--we estimate that the activity will peak in about three minutes.
GENERAL HARDIN: Better get over there before that thing pops, Joe.

edflast_6a.wav: 
GENERAL HARDIN: Colonel Corber, get your butt over to that nav beacon quickly! We've GOT to find out what they're up to!

edflast_6b.wav: 
GENERAL HARDIN: Corber, get moving NOW, or I'll put somebody else in charge!

edflast_07.wav:
CAPTAIN Rubikov: Colonel Corber, we're recording your video feed and relaying it on to General Hardin. It looks like the Hadeans have found something big. Seismic activity is still increasing--stay in the area and watch what happens.

edflast_08.wav:
GENERAL HARDIN: Keep an eye on that strange platform the Hadeans have dug up, Joe. I know you're in a hostile zone, but you've got to stay close to that nav beacon whatever happens. Even if you lose your tank and have to watch from the ground, we need to know what's going on!

edflast_8a.wav:
GENERAL HARDIN (angrily): Maybe I didn't make myself clear enough, Mister Corber. Get BACK to that nav beacon and continue your recon until I say otherwise!

edflast_09.wav:
CAPTAIN Rubikov: Holy SHIT![or something along those lines] Are those *buildings,* rising up from the ground? General Hardin, are you seeing this.
GENERAL HARDIN: I see it, but I don't believe it. Rubikov, how big are those things?
CAPTAIN Rubikov: Several hundred feet at least, sir.

edflast_10.wav:
CAPTAIN Rubikov: Hold on, sir--the tremors are spiking again. The GROUND is opening up!  [breathless pause, followed by a gasp] Oh, my God--look at the SIZE of that thing! It must be the Nexus. . .and it's fully operational!
GENERAL HARDIN: That vessel is your Number One priority, Corber. Take out the Nexus, before the Imperials can build any more!

edflast_11.wav:
CAPTAIN Rubikov: We've just spotted something emerging from the Nexus, sir--some kind of drone vehicle. Apparently the Nexus can extract biometal from beneath the ground and create its own assault craft. I have no idea how powerful those assault craft may be.
GENERAL HARDIN: I doubt they'll be pushovers. Corber, you'd better get back to base and prepare for the worst.

edflast_12.wav:
CAPTAIN Rubikov: Colonel Corber, we've discovered a massive repair field at the Tartarus base. It looks like one giant service bay!
GENERAL HARDIN: The Nexus is using Tartarus base to repair itself, Joe. You'll have to deal with that issue, or you'll never destroy that thing!

edflast_13.wav: (Lose Voiceover #1)
GENERAL HARDIN: Corber, you were ordered to investigate the area near the nav beacon. Your reluctance to do so hints at cowardice. I have no choice but to relieve you of duty. Major Eisenstein is now in command.

edflast_14.wav: (Lose Voiceover #2)
GENERAL HARDIN: You've just lost the only Recycler on the entire planet. Our reinforcements won't make it to Earth for at least a day. By then, the Hadeans will have finished their excavations and gained the technology they need to win the war. The entire human race will have to pay for your incompetence.

edflast_15.wav: (Win Voiceover)
CAPTAIN Rubikov (exultant): The Nexus is losing power and she's coming down.
GENERAL HARDIN: Excellent job, Joe! The Imperials are packing up their base and retreating. You and your men should be proud!

edflast_16.wav: (Post-win Voiceover by Corber--like loadscreen VO)
EXPLOSION SOUND IN BACKGROUND AS CAMERA PANS AROUND THE FALLEN NEXUS...
CORBER: 
   "Our force helped save humanity from slavery to the Cerberi or extinction at the hands of the Imperials. But the politicians are already trying to cover it up, to save themselves from the inevitable recriminations for leaving Earth so open to invasion. (Pause)
   But if history has taught us anything, it's that we can never escape the power of biometal, no matter how hard we try to bury it. Now that the Imperials have retreated to Labyrinth, General Hardin is going public with the whole story, and our entire unit is backing him up.
   "As the saying goes, those who turn their backs on history are destined to repeat it. . .doomed to be conquered--by their Forgotten Enemies."