These CP Pilots have been modified to show on radar, interactive health info and had their radar receive ranges modified. They also have been playtested for the new weapons balancing.

The Hover sniper has no radar signature, retaining his radar stealth. He will be detected by any heat trackers, although his heat signature is not as high as other pilots. He is equipped with the Sniper XTR, a 500 meter range sniper rifle. It requires much greater accuracy to use than a standard rifle and a non lethal flesh wound is less damaging. His stealth jet pack, while very low powered, does allow access to higher locations and its low sound signature helps evade detection.

The Laserman has the rapid fire precicion Ultra Laser, an assault Blast Laser and continuous duty hover pack. Laserman has the best radar of the pilots.

The Mad Bomber has a dozen time bombs with a blast radius of 70 meters. His health is greater than that of flying pilots. He has slighlty more spring in his step due to his madness. He sports an endless pack of concussion grenades and a rocket launcher as well.

The Leap Bomber is a grenadier with jet assisted spring boots giving him a 20 meter leap capability. He has his pack of concussion grenades, a heat tracker, and a blast laser for airborne targets.

The Shock Trooper has shorter range but wide area effect electrical weapons. He also has a high boost ram jet pack for quick getaways, provided he has the ammo left.

The Rocketman has a Scion Bazooka rocket launcher and a hover pack. 

The Phaserman is equipped with rapid firing burst phaser, and an assault version with homing phasers, plus his hover pack.

The Tech Sniper has the XTR sniper rifle, heat trackers, and a Tech Sensors motion detector/video camera system. The Tech Sniper is not balanced to the other pilots and is intended for sniper vs. sniper matches and not random spawn pilot DM's.

The altitude enforcement system is active above 1000 meters, enforced by flak launchers.

Thanks to USMC SilverB1rd for the Shock Trooper, ODF help and Flak Hawk altitude mines.

-TimeVirus