Voicemail VO's:

FCLast_00a.wav: Voicemail #1 (Intercepted Cerberi Transmission):
"...Miasma Transportation Protocol one-seven-two-delta. Transfer successful, losses within acceptable parameters. Seven-point-six-million units assembled and ready for transfer to Core staging area and final interface with mother-god, including four-point-one-million standard Krul designs, nine-hundred-thousand enhanced Sirens, one-point-two million Demon drone carriers, six-hundred-thousand enhanced--[burst of static, then end]--"

FCLast_00b.wav: Voicemail #2 (Admiral LeBlanc):
"Colonel Corber, this is Admiral LeBlanc. I am sending this message to wish you luck and Godspeed on your journey into the Cerberi stronghold. Despite our own losses during the initial attack, we Scions will maintain the pressure on the enemy's flanks and support you in any way we can. My squadrons have been depleted to half-strength, so I cannot detach any fighting units to join your assault force. However, we CAN spare one of our builders to create gun-spires for your automated defenses."


LOFCLast.wav:- Corber:
"The Cerberi had done it again: every time we backed them up against a wall, they opened a window and got away. We thought we had them under seige here on Core, but a boundless supply of Cerberi reinforcements was teleporting here from Miasma. Worst of all, my old friend had been transformed into a monster, a Cerberi machine who thought he was a god. That was what the Cerberi had in store for every last one of us--human, Hadean, and Scion alike: eternal insanity, packed inside a metal box and sent out to conquer the universe. Driving toward the Cerberi stronghold, I thought of Schultz and fingered the cyanide capsule that the Hadean medics had passed out. Today there would be no middle ground: I would either win this battle, or perish in the attempt. Either way, I would never join the Cerberi."


FCLast_01.wav:- General Thanatos:
"You are near the main approach to the Cerberi stronghold. I recommend deploying the Procreator somewhere in this area and preparing for a Cerberi attack."

FCLast_02.wav:- General Thanatos:
"The Cerberi Foundry controls a network of virtually impenetrable defenses. You must destroy the Foundry before our forces can begin the assault."

FCLast_03.wav:- Schulz:
"Don't kid yourself, Corber--taking out that Foundry doesn't hurt us one bit. We've got HUNDREDS of Foundries back on Miasma. The Cerberi have technology and resources that stretch beyond your wildest dreams, Joe. With my help, the mother-god will reign supreme."

FCLast_03a.wav:- General Thanatos:
"The Cerberi Transporter is located deep inside the stronghold, on a high plateau. The Scions have left a nav beacon marking the main approach route to the Transporter. Find the Catalyzer at the center of the Transporter device and destroy it."

FCLast_04.wav:- Schulz:
"I get my energy from this place Corber.  You can't defeat me." 

FCLast_05.wav:- Schulz:
"You left me for dead back on Miasma, Joe, but I'm going to live forever. Now, YOU'RE the one who's going to die."

FCLast_06.wav - Schulz:
"It's pointless to fight. Step into one of the Cerberizer vats, and become one of us."

FCLast_07.wav:- Schulz:
"Our power is infinite, Corber. You and those Hadean freaks will never stop us."

FCLast_08.wav:- Schulz:
"These alien friends of yours aren't much of a challenge. I've blown away a bunch of them without breaking a sweat."

FCLast_09.wav:- Schulz:
"Another easy victory for me--and another recruit for the Cerberizer vats."

FCLast_10.wav:- Schulz:
"You disappoint me, Joe. I thought this battle would be more of a challenge."

FCLast_11.wav:- Schulz:
"Another one bites the dust--I thought you were a better leader than this, Corber."

FCLast_12.wav:- Schulz:
"You may have gotten lucky and destroyed my ship, but you'll never destroy me. I'm going to live forever--and someday, Corber, I'm going to make you pay."

FCLast_13.wav:- Hadean Commander:
"Well done, Slasher Corber! The Catalyzer is destroyed, along with the transport mechanism. I'm sending some heavy assault vehicles to melt those Cerberizer Vats into slag. We've won..." 

[Manatee's suggestion: potentially just after he says this, we will see a camera shot of a Cerberi ship taking off, much like in my scene where Schultz is abducted in EDF07. Then, Thanatos will say something along the lines of the one below:]

FCLast_13a.wav:  General Thanatos:
"By the sword of Andros!--that building...is not a building at ALL! It's a ship, and it's taking off. Admiral LeBlanc, target the Ark's antimatter beam at this spacecraft; you MUST stop it!"

FCLast_13b.wav:  Corber:   (ending VO, playing while the Cerberi ship rises and disappears.)
"We had done it: defeated Schultz and the Cerberi intelligence known as the 'mother-god,' and saved our peoples from eternal bondage under Cerberi domination. But despite a desperate effort by gunners aboard the Ark II, they couldn't destroy the escaping vessel and claim total victory. When we penetrated the automated defenses and examined the command computers hidden deep beneath the planet's surface, we found that many datacubes were missing, and there was a huge gap in the quantum computer array. Schultz and the Cerberi 'mother-god' had escaped, robbing us of a complete victory. But we would never forget what had happened, how close we had come to defeat. We would be ready next time, humans, Hadeans, and Scions standing shoulder to shoulder against the Cerberi Abomination. And we would win."

FCLast_14.wav:- General Thanatos:
"The Procreator has been destroyed, and Cerberi tanks are pouring out through the Transporter. All units, fall back to position delta immediately, and prepare to board your dropships."  

