LOEDF15.WAV: CORBER:
I can't believe Colonel Stewart is a traitor.
General Hardin's accusation came as quite a shock, but not a total surprise. Stewart has been acting strange lately--short-tempered, anxious, mistrustful of our allies--but then again, who wouldn't be? Stewart blames the Hadeans--ALL Hadeans--for his loss of the INDEPENDENCE and most of her men, and he's clearly having trouble putting that behind him in order to work with the Hadean rebels. But I *can't* believe he's a traitor.
There must be some other explanation for this.  I just hope we can figure it out before the Imperials corner us for good.


EDF15__00a.wav: -- Hardin:
HARDIN:  Corber, I'm sending this message through your personal channel to make sure you're the only one who receives it. Please be certain that you're alone, and that there is no chance this will be overheard. Once you're ready, play the next message and I'll continue...

EDF15__00b.wav: -- Hardin:
HARDIN:  Joe, you've got a serious security breach. The enemy is tracking you far too quickly--somebody in your camp HAS to be working with the Imperial Hadeans. Strictly between you and me, I'm afraid that Colonel Stewart is the most likely source of the leak. He recently found out that General Thanatos led the attack on the INDEPENDENCE back on Spartacus, and he may be carrying out some kind of vendetta against him. Stewart has made it very clear that he doesn't trust the Hadean rebels, and I think he may be passing information to the Imperials in the hope of framing Thanatos and his men. You'll need to keep a VERY close eye on Colonel Stewart, until we unmask the traitor.

EDF15__00c.wav: -- Eisenstein:
EISENSTEIN:  Major Corber, I think I may have found a way to keep the VENGEANCE hidden next time we deploy. I've isolated the ideal frequency for jamming the Hadean scanners and radar, and I've programmed the Constructor accordingly. Next time we start a base, the Constructor can build one of these new "Excluder" jammers, and we should be virtually invisible to Hadean scanners.     


EDF15a.wav: -- Eisenstein, Corber:
EISENSTEIN:  Major Corber, the Excluder jammer seems to be working perfectly--the VENGEANCE should be safe from long-range Hadean scanners.
CORBER: Fantastic!
EISENSTEIN: I just finished writing the computer virus, too. Your helmet has been fitted with a short-range transmitter.  Once you get within forty meters of the Defense Nerve at Nav Beta, the transmitter will automatically establish a link between my computers and the Defense Network. I should have no trouble uploading the virus.
CORBER: You're sure it'll work?
EISENSTEIN (a little embarrassed): Uhh--could you switch over to our private channel, sir? (One or two beeps, as channel is changed, then EISENSTEIN lowers his voice to a whisper) I've got a little secret to confess, Joe: I used to hack into the EDF networks when I was a kid. . .Ever heard of the ARMAGEDDON virus?
CORBER (awed): That was *you*?
EISENSTEIN (chuckling): I was a little wild back then. . .
CORBER:  A *little*!?  Just forget I ever brought it up! Okay--I'm on my way to Nav Beta!

EDF15b.wav: Stewart, Schultz, Corber:
STEWART:  Major Corber, there's been a change in plans.  Your tank's scanners just picked up a tunnel entrance nearby. It could be the one we're searching for--the tunnel leading to the wormhole generator's control station. I need you or Schultz to scout that tunnel entrance and evaluate its defenses.
SCHULTZ:  My tank's fly-by-wire system is on the blink again, Joe.  How about if I stay here to work on the base defenses while you scout around?
CORBER:  Sounds good to me!

EDF15c.wav: (Stewart, Schultz):
STEWART (angry): Captain Schultz, get back here with that Constructor!  I'm TIRED of your stupid practical jokes!
SCHULTZ (cold, calm hoarse half-whisper): This is no joke, Colonel Stewart.  Matter of fact, you'll soon find out that it's *deadly* serious.
His voice is preceded by Cerberi voice effects, and also the creepy sound of Schultz talking backwards, as we heard in the second voicemail message for EDF14.  In this message, he's saying "I am about to destroy the Jammer."  Schultz's line here is FOLLOWED by more Cerberi voice effects.

EDF15d.wav: (Stewart, Schultz):
STEWART: Captain Schultz!  What the HELL are you doing--nobody ordered you to destroy that Jammer!
SCHULTZ (semi-Cerberized voice, cold and calm): On the contrary, Colonel.  My *Master* ordered me to destroy this Jammer. It's the only way He can find me. . .to take me *home.*
STEWART (dumbstruck near-whisper): Home?
SCHULTZ: Back to my Origin, on Miasma--to interface with the One Machine, the Lord of All. . .(tortured voice)  (fade in with more Cerberi voice effects, plus Schultz's backward-speak: "You may proceed with your attack.  The jammer has been destroyed."

EDF15e.wav: (DELETED, BECAUSE IT'S COMBINED WITH 15D)

EDF15f.wav: (Stewart, Eisenstein):
STEWART: Corber, we're undeploying the VENGEANCE and getting out of here!  Schultz has lost his mind--he just took out the Excluder jammer along with our only Constructor. We're sitting ducks, visible to every Hadean scanner for miles around.
EISENSTEIN: Incoming hostiles! Looks like a whole string of Kami torpedoes--enough to blow the VENGEANCE sky-high!
STEWART: Major Corber, get your ass back here NOW!

EDF15g.wav: (DELETED, BECAUSE IT'S COMBINED WITH 15F)

EDF15h.wav: (Stewart, Hardin, Schultz):
(need a few seconds more of delay in the DLL, as this VO occurs about 5 seconds before Recycler blows up!)
HARDIN: Colonel Stewart, drop everything and get out of there!  Leave the VENGEANCE behind if you have to.
STEWART: I'm sorry, sir, but I've already lost the INDEPENDENCE.  If those bastards want the VENGEANCE, they'll have to kill me first!
SCHULTZ (creepy voice, deepening as he becomes more "cerberized"): I'm afraid that's just what's going to happen, sir.  As the saying goes, 'VENGEANCE is mine.' .  . (fade into Cerberi voice effect)

EDF15i.wav: (Hardin, Thanatos, Eisenstein, Corber):
HARDIN (voice heavy with despair, resignation and defeat):  That's it--the VENGEANCE is gone. Major Corber, you're now our senior officer on Facility.  I suggest meeting with the Emperor's men to negotiate terms for surren--
THANATOS (interrupting): General Hardin, I recommend you postpone that decision for the moment. Given the exigencies of the situation, I believe the time is ripe for the People's Rebellion to show their hand.
HARDIN (stunned): You're proposing to assist us openly?
THANATOS: We have no alternative. The Cerberi cancer has already spread over much of Facility. Even now, it may be too late to stop the Abominations.
HARDIN: What do you propose?
THANATOS: I have dispatched several dropships with reinforcements to Major Corber's zone of operations. Unfortunately, they cannot safely deliver their cargo without the proper landing codes. If your men could cause a momentary distraction--
HARDIN: We can do better than that. Captain Eisenstein--what's your status?
EISENSTEIN: The kamikaze bombs ignored our Tech Support Vehicle and went straight for the VENGEANCE. We took a few dents, but the transmitter's still working fine. We should have no problem interfacing with the defense network through Major Corber's transmitter.
HARDIN: Then it's up to you, Corber.  Get to Nav Beta, pronto!
CORBER: Yes, sir.  I'm on my way.


EDF15j.wav: (Eisenstein):
EISENSTEIN: Major Corber, the transmitter's signal won't penetrate the hull of your tank. You'll need to approach the Defence Nerve on foot. Once you get within range, we'll start uploading the virus.

EDF15k.wav: (Eisenstein, Hardin):
EISENSTEIN: Great job, sir--the virus is already working. The defence network has gone haywire; our scouts are reporting that the Hadeans' robo-turrets are shooting at their own men. They'll have to shut the whole system down for repairs.
HARDIN: Excellent work, gentlemen. (whispering in background) Hold on a minute. . .(pause). . .Major Corber--we've just had an interesting development. Our long-range scanners aboard the StormPetrel have just picked up a friendly IFF signal from the vicinity of Spartacus. It's possible that our reinforcementshave finally arrived.
CORBER (enthusiastic): That's fantastic, sir!
HARDIN: Remember to keep this to yourself for now. (briskly returning to the main issue)  One thing at a time--you've got a mission to complete.  Head over to Nav Gamma to rendezvous with the first of General Thanatos's dropships.

EDF15l.wav: (Thanatos):
THANATOS: Major Corber.  Our dropships will be landing every five minutes to deliver men and equipment. Our mutual objective is to destroy the Cerberi Recycler in this area. 

EDF15m.wav: (Thanatos):
THANATOS:  General Hardin. I am honored to announce the first victory of our combined forces. The Cerberi Recycler has been destroyed, and Loyalist Hadeans are fleeing the area. My scouts are following them at a distance; in this way, we will hopefully discover the precise location of the wormhole control center. 
HARDIN: My people wish to thank you for helping us at a desperate time. By the way, I also have some excellent news: our first convoy of reinforcements has finally reached this star-system. The EDF Star-Destroyer INTREPID is carrying supplies and men along with a new Recycler, the PEACEMAKER.
THANATOS: Excellent.  When your dropships arrive, I will ensure their safe passage to the planet's surface.

edf15n.wav: (Hardin):
HARDIN:  Major Corber, I have some interesting news for you. General Thanatos was quite impressed with your performance today and throughout the Facility campaign. In the interests of furthering our alliance and mutual understanding, he has offered to exchange one of his top officers for you, so that you may help the Hadean rebels defeat the Cerberi and perhaps repay them in some small measure for what they did to your best friend. . .I won't try to influence you one way or the other; I realize that vengeance is a powerful motivator. If you prefer to remain with our forces, simply bring your tank to the tunnel entrance. You will be given command of our new Recycler, the PEACEMAKER, as soon as she reaches Facility.  If you wish to accept General Thanatos's offer, pilot your tank to the rebels' landing zone at Nav Gamma, and I wish you Godspeed. 

edf15edf.wav: (Hardin):
HARDIN:  Welcome back, Joseph. The INTREPID and her escorts are heading toward Facility at flank speed. Your new Recycler, the PEACEMAKER, will be there soon.

edf15hadean.wav: (Thanatos):
THANATOS:  Welcome, Major Corber. The People's Rebellion is honored to have the support and leadership of such a powerful and cunning warrior.

edf15hurry1.wav: (Stewart):
STEWART: Major Corber, we need you to scout that tunnel entrance.

edf15hurry2.wav: (Stewart):
STEWART: Mister Corber, we don't have all day for this. You WILL scout that tunnel entrance, and you'll do it NOW! Is that understood?

edf15hurry3.wav: (Stewart):
STEWART: Mister Corber, return to base and turn in your wings. . .I'm placing you on report, for insubordination and disobedience.

edf15_5th.wav: (Thanatos):
THANATOS: Incidentally, Major, I am also deploying several heavy assault walkers to your northwest (double-check direction!!!), in order to open up a second front against the Cerberi. I hope you will work in concert with those Krahanos walkers, and avoid any incidents of friendly fire.


VO's written by Black Manatee (Bill Pomidor), based on mission DLL created by {SFP} Sonic.



(nav beta should light up AFTER surrender VO, not before!)
Shouldn't the tunnel entrance be near a TUNNEL??  The only thing I see nearby is something like a canal.  How about making it more tunnel-y, maybe by reskinning the subway texture and using those things to "roof" the tunnel?
 