Characters:
--Corber
--Schultz
--Wyndt-Essex
--Lieutenant O'Hara/O'Reilly/Eisenstein (engineer)--We'll leave him a Lieutenant, since it's easier if he's subordinate to Corber.  We also need a different name for this guy, since Fishy is playing him and has a decidedly non-Irish accent!  :)  Maybe something sort of Einstein-sounding name, because he's so smart--something like "Eisenstein" or something.  Any thoughts from the FishBone?
--SkyEye
--Young Expendable Patroller Who Croaks (I'll nominate my teenaged son for that line; Ben has been dying to get even the tiniest of parts :) )
--Hadean Fifth Column Builder
--Generic Synthetic Voice of Destruction

Loadscreen VO (Corber)
(LOedf07.wav):
	War is hell...especially here on Miasma. Some of the guys call this place Satan's summer retreat, but I doubt even the devil could survive this godforsaken planet for long. Man-eating plants, boiling volcanos, and rivers flowing with molten biometal--it's like the planet itself is alive, gripped by some horrible brain fever that's driving it slowly insane.
	Eisenstein says that's not far from the truth--except that it's really the Cerberi who have infected the planet. We've seen dozens of their huge machines and factories, all drilling miles deep beneath the planet's crust to harvest biometal like gigantic bloodsucking leaches. Years of their abuse have somehow disrupted Miasma's geosystem, and Eisenstein thinks the planet is a ticking time bomb ready to explode. We've got to reach our new base and get word out to the StormPetrel before it's too late...before we're damned to this particular hell for all eternity.


07iface_1.wav:
Engineer: This message was written in the clear, sir. Let me translate from the Hadean and you can read it.

07iface_2.wav:
Engineer: Sir, I found more relevant information in the database...it looks like technical blueprints for those new Cerberi units!

07iface_3.wav:
Corbin: Seems like this Hadean Crown Prince is opposed to the war--and to this whole Cerberi experiment.
Engineer: The scout never got his message out, but I've figured out a way to patch it through. We can HyperWave a message to the StormPetrel as well.
Corbin: Let's piggyback the two messages and do it all in one burst.  Once we start transmitting, those Cerberi are going to be all over this place.
Engineer:  Yes, sir.  Just give me a second...Okay--it's ready to send.

e7start.wav:
Wyndt-Essex (mildly patronizing voice):  Corbin, you're in charge of escorting the convoy to our new base location. Keep an eye out for Cerberi, and don't let ANYONE stray near these lava streams. They're pure molten biometal, and they'll eat through our thickest armor in no time at all.
Engineer: Sir, I've prepared a couple of devices to help get us through the Cerberi patrols. The ECM pod will shelter our Recycler from most enemy detection, as long as you keep it close. And the scrap tugs will deploy repair pods every half-minute or so.
Windex:  Good job, Eisenstein.  At least SOMEONE is showing some initiative around here!

SkyEye.wav:
Engineer:  I've got good news, sir--General Hardin sent one of StormPetrel's defense craft through the portal after us. It's staying in geosynchronous orbit overhead, so they can give us SkyEye intel reports.

e7bridtow1.wav:
Windex: Mr. Corbin, you were SUPPOSED to clear our path of ALL threats! I trust you will remove the GunTower which SkyEye discovered, before it blows our convoy to bits.

findbunk.wav:
Engineer: SkyEye is picking up some unusual radio signals coming from a nearby comm bunker. 
Windex: Head over and check it out, Corbin. And HURRY--we've got to keep moving!

e7bridtow2.wav:
Windex: Corbin, your blundering incompetence is going to get us all killed!  For the LAST TIME, destroy that guntower and clear our convoy's path of all threats--or do I have to come out there and do it myself?!

letsbomb.wav:
SkyEye:  SkyEye here, reporting a MASSIVE wave of heavy armor approaching the river from the east. I recommend you blow the bridge.
WINDEX: Easier said than done. That bridge is solid titanium duralloy--far too strong for our weapons. 
SKYEYE: We've got several heavy glidebombs that should do the trick, if you can guide them in.
WINDEX: Lieutenant Corbin just volunteered--DIDN'T you, Mr. Corbin?
SKYEYE: These bombs are VERY powerful, sir, but you should be safe if you climb the tower first. You'll need to target the weakest bridge segment, but if you time it properly, those tanks will drop right into the river.
WINDEX (sourly): He'd BETTER time it properly. Corbin, you will WAIT until the VERY LAST moment before blowing the bridge. I'll get the rest of the convoy moving.

Eyedown.wav:
SkyEye:  This is SkyEye. One of those huge towers has just fired, and the missile is tracking flawlessly.  Countermeasures are not working, and we can't shoot it down either. It must have locked on to us when we dropped those bombs. Can't break free...it's homing in...AAAUGHHH!!
Engineer (despondent):  Major Windex, I've just lost them on radar.  It looks like we're on our own again.

e7deploy1.wav:
Schultz:  Uhh, Major Wyndt-Essex?  This deployment point seems AWFULLY prone to assault.
Windex:  I'm sick of your complaining, Lieutenant Schultz.  I'm the commander, here, and I want this Recycler deployed near the scrap pools.  Now that the bridge is blown, we're perfectly safe--so QUIT whining, and DO IT!!

rodrprmd.wav:
Windex:  Commander, you have chosen to ignore my DIRECT ORDER on deployment of the Recycler.  I have placed a reprimand in your personnel folder. Be prepared to face a court-martial on our return home.

Shultank.wav:
Schultz:  This is Schultz, with some good news for you scav jockeys--I just found three big, fat biometal storage tanks up on this hill.  Y'all come and get it!

dronewow.wav:
Patroller:  This is Scout Patrol Gamma, posted near the river, sir. (intermittent whine of drones' engines mixed with VO, in background)  We just spotted some kind of huge hovercraft, heading your way.  Looks to be carrying a whole mess of drones on board--vicious-looking brutes.  Probably got enough firepower to--  (cut off here by massive explosion and static)

Shulhere.wav:
Schultz:  Hey, Corbin, this is Schultz!  Windex asked me to baby-sit you--as usual--while we patrol the area.  Let's get going!

baseattack.wav:
Windex (background sounds of gunfire and explosions):  Corbin, this is Major Wyndt-Essex. Our base is under MASSIVE attack--they're hitting us with everything in their arsenal. I'm ordering you to return to base RIGHT NOW to help out; Schultz can finish the patrol on his own.

kidnap1a.wav:
Schultz:  Hey, Corbin?  I've kind of got a little problem, here.  Those Cerberi sent a big welcoming party right after we split up. They've got some kind of tractor beam going, and I can't--  (ends with burst of static)

RodWimp.wav:
Windex:  Gentleman, this frequency is for COMBAT OPERATIONS ONLY!  And I'm sorry, Mr. Corbin, but without the bridge, we have no hope of attacking in sufficient numbers to rescue your friend. I refuse to risk our remaining forces on a HOPELESS gesture! There's no point in discussing it further--so GET OFF THIS FREQUENCY!

here2hlp.wav:
Hadean Builder:  This is automated Builder Unit 73412-R, reporting my reactivation. I have been remotely awakened by my Hadean masters off-planet. Crown Prince Thanatos has instructed me to convey his gratitude for the message you recently sent. I am also to provide you any assistance within my powers.
Corbin:  Uhh--can you repair bridges?
Builder:  Certainly, Master.

rodwimp2.wav:
Windex:  Mr. Corbin, I have NOT authorized a rescue mission.  You are acting directly against orders. I absolve myself of all responsibility for your reckless behavior.

Shulgone.wav:
Schultz:  Corbin?  Eisenstein?  Anybody?!  Please--you've gotta do something, help me, get me outta here before they--"  Schultz's plaintive scream as they take off, voice fading into static.

recydead.wav:
Generic Synthetic Voice:  Warning!  Recycler destroyed.


	
Other WAV files/effects:
bridbomb.wav: explosive sound of bombs hitting bridge
lock02.wav: sound to indicate successfully reaching nav points during patrol
abetty6.wav: "Base under attack"--during major Cerberi attack waves.
abetty8.wav: "Vehicle situation critical."
chatter1.wav:  Radio chatter and static during big Cerberi attack.
chatter5.wav:  Same as above.
stat01.wav:  Same as above.
steam2.wav:  Sound of catapult being "fired."
chatter6.wav:  Radio chatter before Windex announces that she's not going to try to rescue Schultz.
chatter7.wav:  Same as above.
iabomb01.wav:  Static after Schultz sends his distress call.
evcons02.wav:  Hadean builder arriving.
evcons05.wav:  Hadean builder fixing bridge.

Additionally--we WILL need all the potential voice responses for Schultz's tank, since the player has the ability to give Schultz commands, and right now the generic "tank voice" doesn't sound anything like Schultz.