LOedf13.wav: - Corber:
"The WorldPortal from Tranquility took us right into the dragon's jaws. In its own way, Facility was even more terrifying than Miasma. The planet was literally ringed by the machinery of war, a vast Hadean fleet gathering in orbit to strike a mighty blow against the Emperor's enemies. Running the Hadean gauntlet seemed like a recipe for suicide, but we had to try--we had to discover where the massive Hadean fleet was headed.
	"The Facility missions would test our resolve like nothing had before...[voice saddening]...and some of us would end up *failing* that test."

edf13_01.wav: - Eisenstein:
"General Thanatos says these caves hold the primary control stations for this region's early-warning system. Once you find them, Major, I'll hack into the computers so we can travel on the surface without being detected."

edf13_02.wav: - Eisenstein:
"There's one of the control stations, sir.  I'm marking it on the radar, so we don't trip over it in the dark!"

edf13_02b.wav: - 
Eisenstein:  "There's the other control station. Once I hack it we can get out of here--these caves give me the creeps."
Corber:  "Me too. But I don't think the surface will be much better."
Eisenstein:  "At least up there, we'll be able to see!"
Corber:  "That's just what bothers me...if we can see, so can THEY."
Eisenstein:  "That's true, sir...but once I'm through here, their radar's gonna be blinder than one of these cave bats."

edf13_03.wav: - 
Eisenstein:  "That was easy enough. I planted a nasty little virus in there for good measure."
Corber: "Won't that make them suspicious?"
Eisenstein: "Don't worry, sir--the viral code is inert, for now. But if we get in trouble, we can activate it with a simple short-range radio signal."
Corber:  "Good thinking. It'll be nice to have a trick up our sleeves, in case of emergency."
Eisenstein:  "Exactly, sir.  Now, let's find that other control station!"

edf13_04.wav: - Eisenstein:
"According to the Hadean computer, there's an elevator shaft in these caves.  If you can find it, Major, I should be able to hot-wire the thing so we can sneak up to the surface."

edf13_05.wav: - Eisenstein:
"Hey! Here's something interesting, sir...I've found some data on that old military base the Hadeans are looking for. A whole file on 'Tartarus IV'--I've put some of the raw data on your display."

edf13_06.wav: - Eisenstein:
"Just give me another minute, sir. I'm downloading some information about their ancient battle with the Furies...and some kind of mythical super-weapon called a 'Nexus.' The Hadeans are trying to track it down again.  It sounds pretty vicious--we'd better hope they never find it."

edf13_07.wav: - Eisenstein (panicky):
"Major Corber?  Our instruments are showing dangerous weaknesses in the cave walls near the Recycler.  Oh, God--you didn't deploy the VENGEANCE, did you?"

edf13_08a.wav: - Sgt. Wong:
"Major Corber--I've lost Captain Eisenstein's signal...the Tech Vehicle was apparently destroyed.  That was our only chance for reaching the surface undetected."

edf13_08b.wav: - Captain Eisenstein:
"Sir--we've lost the VENGEANCE. Without our Recycler, I don't really see any point in continuing.  We might as well head back to Tranquility and hope the StormPetrel can pick us up."

edf13_09.wav: - Eisenstein:
"That takes care of the early-warning system for this sector, sir. We should be reasonably safe up on the surface, until they fix the system. Now let's head for the exit and get out of here!"

edf13_10.wav: - Eisenstein:
"Here's the elevator, sir; I'll have it running in no time.  Next floor: Housewares, Small Appliances, and Hadean Star-Destroyers."

edf13_11.wav: - Eisenstein:
"There's an elevator shaft, Major. Once we disable the control nodes, I should be able to hot-wire this thing so we can sneak up to the surface."

edf13_11b.wav: - Eisenstein:
"There's the elevator shaft, Major. Once we're all gathered at the exit, I'll send the car up to the surface."