EDF15__00a.wav: -- Hardin:
HARDIN:  Corber, I'm sending this message through your personal channel to make sure you're the only one who receives it. Please be certain that you're alone, and that there is no chance this will be overheard. Once you're ready, play the next message and I'll continue...

EDF15__00b.wav: -- Hardin:
HARDIN:  Joe, you've got a serious security breach. The enemy is tracking you far too quickly--somebody in your camp has to be working with the Imperial Hadeans. Strictly between you and me, I'm afraid that Colonel Stewart is the most likely suspect. He is *very* unhappy about our alliance with the Hadean rebels, and I think he may be passing information to the Imperials in the hope of framing Thanatos and his men. You'll need to keep a VERY close eye on Colonel Stewart, for now. I'll let you know as soon as we find the source of the leak.

EDF15__00c.wav: -- Eisenstein:
EISENSTEIN:  Major Corber, I think I may have found a way to keep the VENGEANCE hidden next time we deploy. I've isolated the ideal frequency for jamming the Hadean scanners and radar, and I've programmed the Constructor accordingly. Next time we start a base, the Constructor can build one of these new "Excluder" jammers, and we should be virtually invisible to Hadean scanners.     


EDF15a.wav: -- Eisenstein, Corber:
EISENSTEIN:  Major Corber, the Excluder jammer seems to be working perfectly--the VENGEANCE should be safe from long-range Hadean scanners.
CORBER: Fantastic!
EISENSTEIN: I just finished writing the computer virus, too. Your helmet has been fitted with a short-range transmitter.  Once you get within fifty meters of the Defense Nerve at Nav Beta, the transmitter will automatically establish a link between my computers and the Defense Network. I should have no trouble uploading the virus.
CORBER: You're sure it'll work?
EISENSTEIN (a little embarrassed): Uhh--could you switch over to our private channel, sir? (One or two beeps, as channel is changed, then EISENSTEIN lowers his voice to a whisper) I've got a little secret to confess, Joe: I used to hack into the EDF networks when I was a kid. . .Ever heard of the ARMAGEDDON virus?
CORBER (awed): That was *you*?
EISENSTEIN (chuckling): I was a little wild back then. . .
CORBER:  A *little*!?  Just forget I ever brought it up! Okay--I'm on my way to Nav Beta!

EDF15b.wav: Stewart, Schultz, Corber:
STEWART:  Major Corber, there's been a change in plans.  Your tank's scanners just picked up a tunnel entrance nearby. It could be the one we're searching for--the tunnel leading to the wormhole generator's control station. I need you or Schultz to scout that tunnel entrance and evaluate its defenses.
SCHULTZ:  My tank's fly-by-wire system is on the blink again, Joe.  How about if I stay here to work on the base defenses while you scout around?
CORBER:  Sounds good to me!

EDF15c.wav: (Stewart, Schultz):
STEWART (angry): Captain Schultz, get back here with that Constructor!  I'm TIRED of your stupid practical jokes!
SCHULTZ (cold, calm near-monotone): This is no joke, Colonel Stewart.  In fact, you'll soon see that it's *deadly* serious.

EDF15d.wav: (Stewart, Schultz):
STEWART: Captain Schultz!  What the HELL are you doing--nobody ordered you to destroy that Jammer!
SCHULTZ (creepy voice): On the contrary, Colonel.  My *Master* ordered me to destroy this Jammer. It's the only way He can find me. . .to take me *home.*
STEWART (dumbstruck near-whisper): Home?
SCHULTZ: Back to my Origin, on Miasma--to interface with the One Machine, the Lord of All. . .

EDF15e.wav: (DELETED, BECAUSE IT'S COMBINED WITH 15D)

EDF15f.wav: (Stewart, Eisenstein):
STEWART: Corber, we're undeploying the VENGEANCE and getting out of here!  Schultz just went nuts and took out the Excluder jammer along with our only Constructor. We're sitting ducks, visible to every Hadean scanner for miles around.
EISENSTEIN: Incoming hostiles! Looks like a whole string of Kami torpedoes--enough to blow the VENGEANCE sky-high!
STEWART: Major Corber, get your ass back here NOW!

EDF15g.wav: (DELETED, BECAUSE IT'S COMBINED WITH 15F)

EDF15h.wav: (Stewart, Hardin, Schultz):
(need a few seconds more of delay in the DLL, as this VO occurs about 5 seconds before Recycler blows up!)
HARDIN: Colonel Stewart, drop everything and get out of there!  Leave the VENGEANCE behind if you have to.
STEWART: I'm sorry, sir, but I've already lost the INDEPENDENCE.  If those bastards want the VENGEANCE, they'll have to kill me first!
SCHULTZ (creepy voice): We're happy to oblige, Colonel Stewart!  (insane laughter) As the saying goes--VENGEANCE is mine!! 

EDF15i.wav: (Hardin, Thanatos, Eisenstein, Corber):
HARDIN (voice heavy with despair, resignation and defeat):  That's it--the VENGEANCE is gone. Major Corber, you're now our senior officer on Facility.  I suggest meeting with the Hadeans to negotiate terms for surren--
THANATOS (interrupting): General Hardin, I recommend you postpone that decision for the moment. Given the exigencies of the situation, I believe the time is ripe for the People's Rebellion to show their hand.
HARDIN (stunned): You're proposing to assist us openly?
THANATOS: We have no alternative. The Cerberi cancer has already spread over much of Facility. Already, it may be too late to stop the machines.
HARDIN: What do you propose?
THANATOS: I have dispatched several dropships with reinforcements to Major Corbin's zone of operations. Unfortunately, they cannot deliver their cargo without the proper landing codes necessary to disarm the ground defenses. If your men could cause a momentary distraction--
HARDIN: We can do better than that. Captain Eisenstein--what's your status?
EISENSTEIN: The kamikaze bombs ignored our Tech Support Vehicle and went straight for the VENGEANCE. We took a few dents, but the transmitter's still working fine. We should have no problem interfacing with the defense network through Major Corber's transmitter.
HARDIN: Then it's up to you, Corber.  Get to Nav Beta, pronto!
CORBER: Yes, sir.  I'm on my way.


EDF15j.wav: (Eisenstein):
EISENSTEIN: Major Corber, the transmitter's signal won't penetrate the hull of your tank. You'll need to approach the Defence Nerve on foot. Once you get within range, we'll start uploading the virus.

EDF15k.wav: (Eisenstein, Hardin):
EISENSTEIN: Great job, sir--the virus has taken effect. The defence network has gone haywire; one of our scouts just reported that their automated turrets are even shooting at their own men. They'll have to shut the whole system down for repairs.
HARDIN: Excellent work, Major. Head over to Nav Gamma to rendezvous with the first of General Thanatos's dropships.

EDF15l.wav: (Thanatos):
THANATOS: Major Corber.  Our dropships will be landing every five minutes to deliver men and equipment. Our mutual objective is to destroy the Cerberi Recycler in this area. I am also deploying several heavy assault walkers to your northwest, in order to open up a second front against the Cerberi.

EDF15m.wav: (Thanatos):
THANATOS:  General Hardin. I am honored to announce the first victory of our combined forces. The Cerberi Recycler has been destroyed, and Loyalist Hadeans are fleeing the area. My scouts are following them at a distance; in this way, we will hopefully discover the precise location of the wormhole control center. 
HARDIN: My people wish to thank you for helping us at a desperate time. By the way, I also have some excellent news: our first convoy of reinforcements has finally reached this star-system. The EDF Star-Destroyer XXXXXXX is carrying supplies and men along with a new Recycler.
THANATOS: Excellent.  When your dropships arrive, I will ensure safe passage to the planet's surface.

edf15n.wav: (Hardin):
HARDIN:  Major Corber, I have some interesting news for you. General Thanatos was quite impressed with your performance today and throughout the Facility campaign. In the interests of furthering our alliance and mutual understanding, he has offered to exchange one of his top officers for you, so that you may participate in the Hadean rebels' fight against the Cerberi. . .The decision is yours alone; I won't try to influence you one way or the other. If you wish to accept General Thanatos's offer, pilot your tank to the rebels' landing zone at Nav Gamma. If you prefer to remain with our forces, simply bring your tank to the tunnel entrance. You will be given command of the Recycler XXXXXXX as soon as it reaches Facility.

edf15edf.wav
? - Player joins EDF.  ??Shouldn't the tunnel entrance be near a TUNNEL??  The only thing I see nearby is something like a canal.  How about making it more tunnel-y, maybe by reskinning the subway texture and using those things to "roof" the tunnel?

edf15hadean.wav
? - Player joins Hadeans.

edf15hurry1.wav
Gen: Commander, we need you to to scout the tunnel entrance.

edf15hurry2.wav
Gen: Commander, I'm growing impacient with you!

edf15hurry3.wav
Gen: Commander, report to base, we need to have a little chat about following orders.

edf15_5th.wav
Hadean 5th Column Commander: This is the 5th column, I locked tight in battle, but I'll be able to spare a few units to aid you commander!

VO created by {SFP} Sonic