BIOMETAL RIOTS STRIKE FOR THIRD STRAIGHT DAY
(HyperWave TIMES, 01.01.2005)

LONDON (Reuters): Widespread rioting and public unrest continued for the third straight day in cities across Europe, America, and the Pacific Rim. Angry Japanese citizens shouted slogans and carried banners through the crowded streets of Tokyo protesting the military use of biometal. Halfway around the world, the traditional New Year's Eve festivities in Times Square were canceled when New York's service workers held a sit-down strike to demonstrate solidarity with the Scion people. 

As daylight faded to evening, protest rallies and marches throughout Europe dissolved into violence and looting. The Munich site of tomorrow's planned meeting of International Space Defense Force (ISDF) leaders was the focus of several violent clashes with riot police. Violence was more diffuse in downtown London, where roving mobs smashed shop windows and overturned cars to block several streets. Similar outbreaks shook the cities of Paris, Barcelona, Naples, and Athens before dawn finally brought an uneasy truce to the streets.


ISDF ROLE IN CORE DISASTER QUESTIONED
(ConAmerican POST, 01.03.2005)

MUNICH (UPI): Despite continued allegations and suspicions, leaders of the International Space Defense Force continue to deny that their organization played any role in the disaster on Core. Sir Reginald Pryce-Williams, ISDF Supreme Commander, released a statement yesterday claiming that former General Armand Braddock's attack on the Scion planet of Core was "the act of a madman clutching at immortality by manipulating events long after his death." 

But in an apparent concession to protesters, several political leaders have begun to call for investigations and potential reform of the ISDF. Pierre D'Arvignon, the French Ambassador to the United Nations, yesterday claimed that the ISDF is "a puppet of the Consolidated North American Union." A longtime critic of both the ISDF and the CNAU, D'Arvignon called for the complete dissolution of the ISDF. He stopped short of saying that the military alliance conducted or condoned the attack on Core, but he did point out that "Armand Braddock was once a member of the ISDF, and biometal-tipped weapons were used in the attack. Certainly the Force must bear some responsibility for the disaster." 


UNITED NATIONS MAY DISBAND ISDF
(HyperWave TIMES, 01.06.2005)

NEW YORK (AP): The biometal riots have finally subsided, but their effects may be felt for decades to come. United Nations Secretary-General Mustafa el-Kalena indicated that a Security Council members were discussing a potential compromise. A draft copy of the document was obtained by TIMES early this morning. The compromise proposes disbanding the ISDF completely and replacing it by a much smaller "Earth Defense Force," which would be used for police and escort purposes only. One high-ranking ConAmerican representative bitterly condemned the measure, claiming that the Earth Defense Force would represent "a highway patrol for interplanetary travel," utterly incapable of protecting the security of our solar system. 

The official criticized other aspects of the draft treaty, especially the so-called "Biometal Safety Clause." In a move certain to please biometal protesters, the UN measure would scrap most of the ISDF fleet, strictly limit the use of biometal, and criminalize any and all biometal possession or research on the planet Earth. A limited amount of biometal storage and research would be permitted, but all such activities would be confined to a small military base on Mercury.

French Ambassador Pierre D'Arvignon hailed the measure as a giant step on the road toward a peaceful coexistence with our interstellar neighbors. "Nothing can bring the Scions back to Core now that the ISDF has ruined their planet," he said. "But by disbanding the largely ConAmerican space army, we have the power to ensure that future encounters with Scions or other intelligent races will be peaceful."

D'Arvignon scoffed at worries about hostile alien invasion, claiming they were "scare-tactics and ghost stories invented by the ConAmericans," in order to prop up their faltering defense industry. The French Ambassador insisted that "intelligent life is, by definition, peaceful," and assured fellow Security Council members that the proposed Earth Defense Force would be more than adequate to handle any threats, even without the use of biometal.

Because France is next in line for the Secretary-General's seat, D'Arvignon is expected to become the next leader of the United Nations.