Characters:
Corber
Wyndt-Essex
Engineer (Fishy?)

Loadscreen VO (Corber)
(LOedf06.wav):
	Out of the frying pan and into the fire--that's how Schultz put it, and he was dead right...
	Schultz was right about a lot of things, as it turned out. He was suspicious about that StarPortal being so easy to reach. He figured it might be a setup, a Hadean trap. After all, we were surrounded by ten full brigades of Hadean assault troops and they were tightening the noose--why hadn't they covered the StarPortal better? For that matter, they could have blown the whole thing up before we ever reached it.
	Schultz tried to warn Windex, but she wasn't buying it--and neither were the rest of us. We all wanted to believe that the Hadeans had screwed up, that they weren't as smart as they seemed.
	It turned out that the Hadeans were even smarter. Their tactic was brilliant, a strategy to exterminate our entire force without firing a shot. Using feints and probes and quick retreats, the Hadeans prodded us toward the StarPortal like butchers herding cattle to the slaughterhouse. 
	We never guessed that the Portal only worked in one direction--not until far too late. We had no chance to return and warn the others or stop them from coming through, no chance of escaping the way we had come. And no chance of surviving the deadly planet of Miasma.
	The Hadeans had sold us a one-way ticket to Hell.


edf0601.wav:
Windex: "Anyone know what planet this is?"  
Navigator: "We're trying to ascertain our position right now, ma'am."  
Windex: "Well, you'd better *ascertain* it, FAST!"

edf06_02.wav:
Windex: "Corbin--we're picking up Hadean military radar from somewhere nearby--prepare to defend the recycler and transport!"

edf06_03.wav:
Windex: "Corbin, set up a base and some defenses. The Recycler's service pod generator is broken, so you'd better get a service bay up quick, too!"

edf06_04.wav:
Fishy (engineer): "Something's interefering with our radios--I'm going to switch everyone's comms to channel Delta-Epsilon twelve and see if that helps."

edf06_05.wav:
Fishy: "We're still getting interference, but I've pinpointed the source." 
Windex: "Corbin, head down there and check it out."

edf06_06.wav:
Fishy (engineer): "Corbin, we're monitoring your scanners...It looks like a comm bunker of some sort--maybe we can use it." 
Windex: "Take the transport over there and see what you can do, Captain Fishy (engineer's name)!"

edf06_07.wav:
Fishy (engineer): "This equipment is radically different from the Hadean interfaces we've seen before, ma'am. It won't let me alter the transmission parameters--but I *am* getting a video feed. Apparently it's from one of their scouts."
Windex (exasperated): "We need to SEND a message, not receive one!"
Fishy:  "Still, I think you should see this, ma'am." (Puzzled) "The Hadeans appear to be...*retreating.*"

edf06_08.wav:
Fishy: "Hold on--this unit's radar is going crazy! I'm showing four of those strange units approaching our position!"

edf06_09.wav:
Windex: "We're showing the attackers on our radar, too.  You're outnumbered, Corbin--get that transport back to base, pronto!"

edf06_10.wav:
Windex: "The VENGEANCE is under attack! Repeat, we are under attack! Corbin!! Get your butt back here NOW!"

edf06_11.wav:
Windex: "All fighters and scouts, deploy along defense perimeter gamma and prepare to defend against a massive assault. The VENGEANCE will mobilize for immediate retreat."

edf06_12.wav:
Windex: "VENGEANCE will now retreat to the north. Other units may undeploy and follow when ready--but your first priority is to protect ME...uh, and our Recycler!"

edf06_13.wav:
Schultz:  "Major Windex, the enemy appears to be turning away. Should we return to base?"
Windex: "Negative, Lieutenant. We will continue our retreat."
Schultz, incredulous: "But Major--what about our ground forces at the defense perimeter? And the wounded?  I thought I saw some of those creatures picking them up--"
Windex, cutting him off: "Nonsense, Mr. Schultz! We will move north until I'm sure we're clear.  The safety of the VENGEANCE is our first priority."

edf06_14.wav:
Windex: "Corber, I gave you an order, and I expect it to be carried OUT!"

edf06_15.wav:
Windex: "Corber, you're already being investigated for cowardice--I don't think your reluctance to confront the enemy is going to help your case much..."

edf06_16.wav:
Windex: "Corber, I'm relieving you for blatant dereliction of duty. Climb out of your tank IMMEDIATELY, and turn it over to Maintenance. They'll need to sponge out the stink of cowardice before we turn it over to someone with enough guts to drive it!"

Other WAV files:
rdr_short.wav
rdr_long.wav